look at me think back and talk to me did
I grow up according to plan until you
think I'm wasting my time doing things I
wanna do but it hurts when you just
threw all along and now I try
ssible time it slowly passed over d we
start talking with us that our children
have safe environments to play a game it
should be fun if it isn't then no one
should be playing 30 and I see myself
having attention to the very things I
know I shouldn't be doing
yourself into a child's perspective the
kid have fun let him play the game I
think it's think it's hot out there and
when they have fun and we keep it in
that context we're all gonna have fun
you know when they have fun they do
better every kid dreams of playing NHL
but the hard work can come a little bit
later and you stop the plane part of
this and we lose kids so I applaud us a
happy for taking initiative
like you don't care
and now I go get that donkey hey hey
you're going the wrong way come on we
got slaughtered at musical chairs we
practice this at home a million times we
are losing I can't believe I missed
Pilates for this get your own ride home
what are you doing hey hey go see that's
hide and seek I found you in two seconds
get out of there what a win this game
you got to a lot better than that right
come on get in hustle now that's the way
you play the game hi hey this kids
potato sack doesn't look regulation to
me excuse me well it's got a wider base
and that's totally unfair to my kid
right I want to launch a protest look it
it's two inches higher lows hand grips
it's not regulation regulation look you
know what else I wanted urine sample
from this kid he looked a little beefy
for a five-year-old you're going down
buddy it's been an exciting night fe we
hockey Billy these kids have really
played their hearts out tonight Jim
we're tied 4-4 late in the third period
players line up for a faceoff in the
neutral zone we could be looking at over
time and now understands to mom's drop
their mittens and it looks like they
want to go it's
vomits fist bump fist mom gets into
quick right hands Porter's mom gets her
hand free they start wrestling by the
soda machine Wow Florida has got a real
big size advantage in this one now
welcome to pump comes in from behind
wilkinson both waters cashmere sweater
over red porter swinging your purse
loudly I need the corner spit though
wants a piece of Robotics daddy and
hearsay go smithy is really laying it on
robotics daddy I tell you that's got to
be one of the most unladylike things
I've ever seen Wilkinson came in from
behind crab corner buy a cashmere
sweater Henry pairing off everywhere in
the stands it's absolute mayhem at the
arenas is really turning into a
full-scale Donnybrook relax it's just a
game a message from USA Hockey sorry I
can't be perfect
now it's just too late and we can't go
back I'm sorry can't be perfect
you